Ye Bingtao, why is he here?
I know it's him
Ye Bingtao
He won't come against our Tian family again, will he?
What are you afraid of?
When the sky falls, there is a tall one standing first
He has to deal with it first
I have to deal with that Italian Daxing family first
Who is this guy?
Is he here to make trouble?
Ran out of this mental hospital, right?
Buy everything for a penny
Dream on
Introduce yourself
I am Ye Mintao.
The only heir to the Ye family in the capital
He is also the future chairperson of the Night Market Group
Ye Mintao, don't talk nonsense
I am the chairperson of the night market group
Haha, not bad.
You are indeed the chairperson
But what about tomorrow and the day after?
Don't you forget.
Half of the shares of Ye's Group are in the hands of the old man
He has been missing for several days
Probably dead
The old man didn't make a will
Everything that punishes him according to inheritance is mine
Grandpa will be fine
He's going to be okay.
Hahaha
You don't even believe yourself when you say that.
I am now
The identity of the future chairperson of the Group
Ask you again
I pay a penny
Buy all the assets you're auctioning off today
Does anyone have any doubts?